
This directory contains the master sources for the stylesheets necessary
for building and viewing a book.

These are the structure viewer style sheets:

bigfont.v - this stylesheet increases the fulltext.v by 2 points
fulltext.v - this is the primary standard style sheet
smallfont.v - the default for PI's and hi res monitors - decreases font by 2
tinyfont.v - this stylesheet decreases smallfont.v by 2 points
debug.v - this is the fulltext stylesheet with color added for character tags


These are the table of contents style sheets - any change to these style
sheets requires the book to be rebuilt.

toc.tv - the standard tble of contents
figures.tv - the list of figures
tables.tv - the list of tables

Each of toc, figures, and tables has a big, small, and tiny.
These sizes match the font sizes as well, but must be generated by hand.
It should be possible to have the entities match when using gdiff but
be careful.

This is the style sheet for printing the books

fulltext.pv - based on smallfont but switches square bullets to bullets for
	      printing purposes since the symbol's font doesn't have square


The following style sheets are for restricted viewers:

frontmatter - this is for the Copyright frontmatter
bobindex - this is for the back of the book index


When modifying these stylesheets several rules must be followed.
1) if new styles are added, they are added to fulltext.v first then
   added to bigbont.v, smallfont.v, and tinyfont.v by using gdiff
2) if these new styles need to go in a structure viewer those .tv
   files must then be edited - very carefully with gdiff
3) if styles must be changed then only make the changes in fulltext.v
   then follow step 1 again.
4) Try to keep the stylesheets as simple as possible - don't define every
   style for a ToC since only titles belong in them - so those must be
   built by hand

NOTE:  It is easier if one edits the fulltext.v file first using insted,
then goes in and "sorts" the top entities (vi and "!{sort +1" works great)
Then if one uses gdiff on each of the .v files one selects the new file
and only accepts the changes from the fulltext.v file that were just made.
This process makes maintanance much easier with no hand editing of the
files necessary.



Here is the rationale for the font sizes in the various style sheets.

1) the basic fonts available on every machine come in 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, and 24
2) the various monitors have differing resolutions

    Screen size		Starter		Express
	14"		 108dpi		 N/A
	16"		  88dpi		 111dpi
	19"		  72dpi		   ?
	20"		  N/A		  91dpi

	PI		  96dpi		   ?

3) InSight will make a "best guess" as to which style sheet would look "best"
   on each monitor
4) based on this there are 4 different sizes of the basic style sheet, the
   table shows the various font sizes for the various tags

   Tag name		std font   bigfont   smallfont  tinyfont
   DOC,TITLE		  24	    24		18	  14
   CHAPTER,TITLE	  18	    24		14	  12
   SECTION1,TITLE	  14	    18		12	  10
   SECTION2,TITLE	  14	    18		12	  10
   SECTION3,TITLE	  12	    14		10	   8
   BODY text		  12	    14		10	   8

The distinction between a SECTION1 and SECTION2 TITLE is by the spacing
before and after the title itself - not in the font size.  All titles
are bold.
